[All Hosts] (sideloading) clarify sideloading on Mac (#3855)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/testing/sideload-an-office-add-in-on-mac.md

> 1. Open Word, and then open a document. Restart Word if it's already running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open Word (or restart Word if it's already running), then open a document.
```

> 1. On the Word ribbon, choose the **Insert** tab, and then select **My Add-ins** (drop-down menu) in the **Add-ins** group. On the drop down menu, choose your add-in.

Reviewer: Per the [style guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/d/dropdown), use dropdown as the adjective
```suggestion
1. On the Word ribbon, choose the **Insert** tab, and then select **My Add-ins** (dropdown menu) in the **Add-ins** group. On the dropdown menu, choose your add-in.
```
